# Cortez Hub 

During the planning step, the user, and any expectations the user may have when using the app will be considered. The app is based on games that is suitable for teens ages of 16 because some games contain blood, moderate swearing, and the use of weapons. In addition to this, it should also be warned that the game containing in-game purchases are not appropriate for children under the age of 16. As the games are highly diversified, the user who may use the app would be a fair demographic of male and female, which would make it useful as this app can accommodate many types of individuals, which can help add new features to create a safe and entertaining experience.

The user would like game updates as well as industry and gaming news to keep them up to date on the latest developments. This can have an impact on the user since the user obtains more knowledge and understanding of the game, which can help the company increase the number of people who want to use the app. A multiple-choice quiz that assesses the user's knowledge of the game would also be desirable. A series of simple multiple-choice trivia questions, at least ten of which the app saves the answers. This can affect the user because it can help boost user knowledge and make the app more fun to use. Furthermore, the assets for the app should be appropriate for the game because this can affect the user because the app design is critical to implement as this can help improve accessibility of the app and the appeal of the app, which if not done properly can discourage the user from accessing the app. The music can also be linked to the app appeal, which, if not handled properly, might make it difficult for the user to stay on the app for an extended period. As a result, the app design would need to be thoroughly examined and modified to meet the needs of the user.

The user would expect the app to be robust and easy to navigate which would need to have a bottom navigation to help users move around the app to explore and use features that the app will implement. To be able to accommodate this expectation, user would be able to use the navigation feature that can let them travel to other screens. The user would expect a structured and easy to learn design which can help the user navigate, understand the application purpose and be up to date on all their gaming news. The design of the application is a priority needed to have an accessible and intelligible app that can aid all the target audience in their general knowledge of games and gaming industry.

The needs that the app would need to be accounted for would be the feature that lets the user quiz their knowledge and a homepage that gives the user lots of posts about recent gaming news. This is helpful because this adds more to the app features and helps make it stand out to the user which can influence them into using the app more. Other expectations would include the ability to contact the app developer which can affect the company as this helps make the app more robust as user feedback is important to outline problems within the system. 
